Managed clusters (#19762)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/create-cluster.md

We plan to remove this restriction in a future version of Materialize.
{{< /warning >}}

## Managed and unmanaged clusters

Materialize offers two variants of cluster, managed and unmanaged clusters.

> While both can be interchangeably used to host computations, the differ in how they are configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While both can be interchangeably used to host computations, they differ in how they are configured.
```

We plan to remove this restriction in a future version of Materialize.
{{< /warning >}}

## Managed and unmanaged clusters

Materialize offers managed and unmanaged clusters.

> Managed clusters offer a simple interface that only requires the user to specify a common size and replication factor, while Materialize manages the associated cluster replicas.
> Unmanaged clusters allow the user to specify the cluster replicas manually, offering more flexibility at the expense of more complexity.
> While both can be interchangeably used to host computations, they differ in how they are configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Managed clusters reduce the amount of manual configuration needed to create replicas. Managed clusters require the user to specify a common size and replication factor, while Materialize manages the associated cluster replicas.
Unmanaged clusters allow the user to specify the cluster replicas manually, offering more flexibility at the expense of more complexity.
While both can be interchangeably used to host computations, they differ in how they are configured.
```
